com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.UDPReceiverService
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.UDPReceiverService: UDPReceiverService()
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.PluginLifecycle
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.PluginTemplateTool
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int air_mil_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int domain_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int gnd_unt_cbt_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int gnd_unt_cs_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int gnd_unt_ss_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int gnd_vech_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int gnd_weap_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int sfc_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int sof_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$array: int sub_sfc_list
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$color: int light_blue
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$color: int light_gray
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$color: int white
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int btn_gray
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_selected
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_selector
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int dot_unselected
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_menu_minus
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_menu_plus
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_bg
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_disabled
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_selected
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int HHMProw_1
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int SPRrow_1
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int btnAdd
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int btnRemove
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int btnSave
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int edttxtAliasHHMP_1
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int edttxtCombatIDHHMP_1
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int edttxtSelfCombatIDHHMP
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int edttxtSelfCombatIDSPR
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int spnDomain
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int spnUnit
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int swBFTHHMP
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int swBFTSPR
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int swGPSHHMP
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int swGPSSPR
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int tabHost
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int tbHHMP
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$id: int tbSPR
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$layout: int main_layout
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int btnAdd
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int btnRemove
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int btnSave
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int domain_promt
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int enableBFT
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int inputCombatID
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int marker_promt
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int radioAlias
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int selfCombatID
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$string: int useRadioGPS
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.atakmap.android.harrissaspr.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
